to the Manoma Industries Limited Q4 and
FY26 funings conference call. As a
reminder, all participant lines will be
in the listen only mode and there will
be an opportunity for you to ask
questions after the presentation
concludes. Should you need assistance
during the conference call, please
signal an operator by pressing star then
zero on your touchstone phone. I now
hand the conference over to Mr. Hir
Kenya from EY. Thank you and over to you
sir.
Thank you Shalendra. Good afternoon
everyone. On behalf of Manorama
Industries Limited, I welcome you all to
the company's Q4 and FI26 conference
call to discuss the performance of the
company and to answer your questions. We
have with us the management team
comprising of Mr. Ashish Sharaf,
chairman and managing director, Mr.
Ashoke Jen, director and chief financial
officer, Mr. Mr. Pankage Rahi DGM
accounts and finance Mrs. Akta Sony AP
investor relations and Mr. Deepak Sharma
Company secretary and compliance officer
before we proceed this call I would like
to draw your attention to the fact that
today's discussion may contain
forward-looking statements that are
subject to various risk uncerties and
other factors which will be beyond
management control. We kindly request to
bear in mind that there might be
uncertaintities while interpretating
such statements. Please note that this
conference is being recorded. We would
now like to start the session with
opening remarks from the management
team. Afterwards, we will open the floor
for an interactive Q&A session. I would
now hand over the conference call to
Ashish G for his opening remarks. Thank
you and over to you sir.
Thank you.
Good afternoon friends.
On behalf of the entire Manorama
Industries team, I extend a warm welcome
to our Q4 and financial year 2026
earnings conference call.
We sincerely thank each of our
investors,
stakeholders,
analysts
for your continued trust and
participation.
Your deep confidence in our long-term
vision is a source of great motivation
for us and we remain committed to
deliver delivering a sustained and
quality value as we enter the next
fourth phase of our growth journey and
as we have done in our last many years
of performance.
Financial year 2026
has been a year of exceptional
performance.
Malorama Industries has delivered a
performance exceptional performance in
2026.
Despite these headwinds, we have
reported a strong year-on-year revenue
growth of 76.1%
with standalone revenues reaching INR358
crores.
This excellence in performance is a
testament to the resilience of our
integrated value chain, the global
relevance of our speciality fats and
cocoa butter equivalents and the
sustained and growing demand we continue
to witness across the food and cosmetic
sectors worldwide through our scientific
and high-tech products which are being
used all over the world.
We aim to maintain this momentum
supported by sustained demand visibility
in improved operational efficiency and
enhanced manufacturing capacity. We plan
to reach to every human on this earth.
During financial year 26, we undertook
capacity upgrades to power this next
phase of growth. Our solar fractionation
plan 2 increased installed capacity by
30% from 25,000 tons peranom to 32,500
tons perom as part of an overall
debottle making initiative.
Solvent fractionation
plant one of 15,000 metric t a similar
debottle initiative will be taken in
this fiscal year.
through strategic capital expenditure
commitment of approximately INR 460
crores over the next 2 to three years.
This investment program spans setting up
of a new solvent fractionation
manufacturing
manufacturing facility for thal, sheep,
palm, mango and other exotic
seeds and ESOs.
Establishment of a new facility for
cocoa butter alternatives.
Expansion of our refining capac
capabilities with a additional 200 tons
per day refinery. Commissioning of raw
material processing units in Bulkina
Faso, West Africa.
These initiatives reflect our focus in
the long-term global opportunity and our
commitment to deepening our
competitiveness,
securing reliable long-term supply and
reinforcing the foundation for sustained
growth.
Our financial remains healthy as of
March 31st, 2026.
Working capital cycle improved to
approximately 125 days in financial year
26 compared to 151 days in financial
year 25.
Net cash flow from operating activities
stood at INR 259 crores
roe of 33.6%
and roe of 40.3%.
At Manaroma Industries, our aim is clear
to strengthen every growth lever within
our integrated value chain from
procurement and processing to high-tech
innovation with scientific global
customer partnerships based on research
and deep tech development.
With that, I will now hand over to our
chief financial officer, Mr. Ashok Jen
to walk you through the financial and
operational highlights for the quarter
and the full year. Thank you all.
Thank you Ash and good afternoon
everyone. I will take you through our
financial performance for the quarter 4
and full year 202526.
Full year's financial year 2526
financial highlights. Manoma industries
delivered excellent financial
performance in financial year 2525th
with all key metrics reflecting
operational execution and business
momentum.
Stand alone revenue INR 1357 cr up 76.1%
yearonear
driven by volume growth and improved
product mix. IATA INR 367.7
cr with IBITA margin of 27.1%.
Reflecting focused product mix
optimation and discipline cost
management
profit after tax INR 233.2 crores
translating to a pack margin of 17.2%.
Operating cash flow INR 259.4 4 cr
rupees
for the quarter 4 financial year 2026
performance.
Our performance of quarter 4 2526 as
follows. Standalone revenue in 382.3
cr rupees. EITA INR 102.9 cr with a
margin of 26.9%.
Profit after tax INR 59.5 cr translating
to a margin of 15.6%.
Foreign exchange position and mark to
market
during the quarter due to adverse
currency fluctuation resulted in the
company recognizing a mark to market
provision of 17.05 05 cr on standalone
basis on forward contract enter into
accordance with the as per foreign
action hing policy.
The cumulative marktom market provision
for the financial year stand at 23.3 cr.
The company also recorded foreign
exchange income 9.47 cr during the
quarter. Consequently, the net foreign
exchange loss for the quarter amount of
rupees 7.58 cr on standalone basis.
Balance sheet and return ratios. The
company's standalone balance sheet
continues to reflect financial strength
and discipline.
Net depth and equity ratio is 0.38 is
to1 as of now 31st March 2026.
Return on equities 40.3% as 31st March
2026.
Return on capital employed ROC 33.6%
as on 31st March 2026.
Working capital days also reduced 125
days for financial year 2526 from 151
days in 2425
reflecting continued focus on working
capital efficiency
capital allocation and strategic outlook
our ongoing capacity debut making and
expansion along with strategic capex
investment across India and Africa we
are fully aligned with our long-term
ambition to our global footprint and
strengthen our position in the specific
fats and market fat and butter market.
We will continue to allocate capital
with discipline priorizing investment
that generate high return and strengthen
our competitive mode globally.
That concludes our remarks. We will open
the floor for question and answers.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. We will now begin
the question and answer session. Anyone
who wishes to ask a question may press
star and one on the test on telephone.
If you wish to remove yourself from the
question queue, you may press star and
two.
Participants are requested to use
handsets while asking a question.
Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a
moment while the question cube
assembles.
The first question is from the line of
Mr. Akash from Shasar Capital.
Please go ahead.
Hello.
>> Yes sir. You are audible.
>> Yeah. Hi. Hi. Congrats to the team mana
on the fantastic result. So the question
that I had was regarding you know uh the
processing plant capex that we are doing
in Burkina Faso. So like what is the
capex uh and how how will it uh what
will is the capacity and how will it
help us in the margin expansion.
>> Hi uh thank you for the question. Uh so
the burkina which is a backward
integration uh part of the project for
the company's uh next capex plan. So we
are envisaging these expenses or capex
amount of around 120 odd kores uh
towards our burkina park project uh
which should be uh eliminating uh our
logistic cost which is currently uh by
uh on the seeds perspective uh going
forward it will be uh on the but
perspective which is approximately 4550%
uh of the raw material. So accordingly
we are going to uh save the logistic
cost, waste cost on our seed import from
West African countries and also it uh it
is going to improve the efficiency uh
and the yield format also uh on the
butter content. So we are very hopeful
of making uh sustainable margin and it
should reflect uh in our uh numbers
going forward.
>> Okay, that's thank you.
Thank you. The next question is from
Akil Parik from 361 Capital. Please go
ahead.
>> Hi, thanks for the opportunity and many
congratulations on an extremely good set
of numbers and one uh kind of standout
in the result has been your working
capital improvement and um operating
cash flow generation. Now given that we
are going to go in a capex mode again
for next one two years how do we see
this whole uh operating cash flow and uh
we cash flow generation and second is
the working capital is is this working
capital uh kind of sustainable for next
few years or we might see uh uh some
pressure basically as we move ahead.
>> Yeah that's my first question there.
So see this company has delivered a very
strong positive operating cash flow also
of approximately around 260 crores
during the year. Uh which is actually a
significant achievement and an important
milestone for the business. Uh yes we
are going to spend the capex of around
460 crores over the next two to three
years but that will be held in an
manner. So our ongoing capacity which is
there are yet to be fully utilized and
we expect a better operational
efficiency in the coming years. So we
are not expecting any downward pressure
on the margin uh from the current level
uh and anything adverse which will be
you know updating to uh our shareholders
accordingly on a quartertoarter basis.
So we have suggested a very uh good uh
operating cash flow also
and the management considered this to be
one of the key uh highlights in the
performance and we remain confident of
maintaining our uh this working capital
uh days and inventory days which we have
reported this quarter.
>> Sure that's very good to hear. So we
maintain that margin guidance of 25 to 7
F7% and and the cash conversion cycle
which we clocked in FY26 broadly should
be in line for next month two years
basically.
>> Yes. The company aims to maintain uh all
the uh financial parameters going
forward as well. So any headwinds we
will be updating you uh on a quarterto
quarter basis. As of now we are likely
aiming to maintain and sustain these
levels. Sure. And second on the growth
guidance like how should one look at it
like topline growth for next couple of
years uh given that the uh capacity
additions which we doing and uh margins
you have already highlighted but if on
topline growth if you can share some
kind of
>> uh yes see the outlook for 27 fi7
remains strongly positive on the topline
front as well. uh it is you know driven
clearly by the structural growth uh
levers already which are there in the
motion. uh so if we talk about the
structural levers there is capacity
expansion in terms of debottle naking.
So our existing capacity are in the mode
of deep water making for which one plant
we already have done the bottle making
and the out has been increased to 30% on
our 25,000 metric ton and we have been
continuously uh increasing the value
added uh portion on our product mix as
well. So overall the financial year 27
is expected to be a very good growth
year for revenues for the company uh
with growth primarily volume driven and
some price realization benefit also
structurally driven by the capacity
expansion and also we are diversifying
globally also uh getting uh into the
global market international market also
with our increasing value added
productivation. So we are very hopeful
and confident of having a very good
strong growth year for FI27 as well.
>> Sure. So just to I mean if you can give
a broad range like is it fair to assume
25% plus growth can continue given that
we have grown at uh almost uh 60%
carrier for last three years and now our
base is also high. Uh so what 25 30% uh
would be a right metric in terms of
growth rate.
that is the company aim also and we see
our capacity also to be fully utilized.
So the company is totally driven uh by
and working very hard to achieve the
growth which you have mentioned uh
currently and we are very uh uh we are
very confident on the business lens to
achieve that kind of a growth given our
uh coming capacities uh which will be
there. So we are very hopeful and
constructive on the growth as well.
Sure. And just one last question if I
can squeeze in. Uh uh now given that we
are doing backward integration in
Burkina Paso right and uh we we all know
uh there there are certain uh political
currency and those kind of risk involved
in in Africa. Uh so anything you can
share like what are your thoughts on it
and uh how are we hedged against those
kind of risks basically
>> and see we for that uh it's a
governmentbacked project also because we
have signed anou memorandum of
understanding with the government of
fasu so anything politically will be not
affecting the project what we are going
to put up there and it is going to uh
also you know uh put the money into the
livelihood of the forest wellers of West
Africa. Even the uh parliex of the
business the political uncertaintity or
insecurity does not really affect our
operation uh in Africa and it is a
governmentbacked project for which we
have already signed the government of
very on it as well. uh we have done some
meaningful uh upgrades and status we
have done uh in that uh project as well.
>> Sure. Thank you. This is helpful. Uh uh
best wishes for coming to us.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you. The next question is from Mr.
Bat Sit from Quest Investment Advisor
Private Limited. Please go ahead sir.
>> Yeah. Congratulation whole monorama team
for excellent performance. So may uh
just get some sense that this working
capital uh despite our inventory has
gone up reasonably high. So may I have
some idea whether it's a finished goods
or uh raw material and how do we should
look despite we have generated good uh
free cash flow. So how should we look at
in future I mean going
>> so basically it's a 45 to 50% is the raw
material cost in our business and
whatever inventory we report in the
current fiscal year towards the end of
the balance sheet year is the base to
generate the revenue of the coming year.
So currently the company's total
inventory is stood at approximately 710
crores. The inventory is well aligned
with the scale of operations and it
supports the integrated global supply
chain and expanding business
requirements. So the breakup of the
inventory is out of this 710 uh crores
of inventory raw material inventory is
around 420 crores. The finished goods
inventory are around 260 crores. the
others co- products and VIP uh working
progress products are around 30 uh
crores. So this is the breakup of our
inventory levels.
>> Okay, great.
uh sorry I missed uh your earlier remark
I joined little later that uh this capex
that around 400 plus cr we have
announced is if you can give little
broader color and how do we think that
can I mean help us in improving a
topline as well as aa side if you can
give say more color
>> so sir we have been making progress on
this 460 cr so if I can explain uh For
these projects we already have spent
around 52 crores out of the 16 crores is
the work in progress uh towards capex
investment and we already have acquired
the land also uh for Indian uh plants.
uh the project one is a forward
integration process uh which includes
the CBA plant and the solvent
fractionation free plant of 75,000 tons
and this will convert our soft fractions
oline into the hard fractions. So this
is the one project which will include
the CBA plant, vaccination plant and
also the refinary plant of 90,000 ton
metric ton peranom.
So this forward integration if you can
give sorry yeah sorry you are saying
please continue
>> because these projects are at different
stage of implementation and uh ramp up
and the company is focused on
maintaining the recipient capital
allocation also uh because we have given
our earlier communication towards we are
expecting around six uh x more than six
less of asset turn on our forward
integration project which is around 330
40 cr of the total capex amount
>> and that uh forward integration is what
you said something I missed it sorry
>> it's a CBA plant and the solvent
vaccination free plant along with the
refinary plant
>> okay and so how does
>> there on our outcome also if you want to
have more details on it you can go
through the uh presentation uploaded uh
with respect to the campus announced
also
>> okay and this forward indication is more
value equity or uh in AITA term or if
you can when it's a very high I mean
asset turnover. So how do we
think about it?
>> So the uh idea and the intention and the
aim of course is to create a uh better
uh creative uh uh numbers in terms of
top lines and margins. uh we can you
know uh comment you that uh it will be
having the same uh kind of potential
margins in the business which we are
reporting currently or even when even it
could be potentially better uh once we
ramp up get into a fully optimized
products get into a better uh product
mix as well so that we are going to
communicate you uh and update you
quarter to quarter uh because these
projects are been set up in a phased
manner so but this projects what we
setting up are going to be giving a a
good uh accretage on terms of value
margins and also top lines as well.
>> Okay, great. And when do we expect that
uh to commission those phase manner I
mean project?
>> So all our projects are be targeted to
be commissioned uh uh by the year uh 28
financial year 28 uh in that particular.
So that is how we are targeting it to
spend it is like two to three year
window uh we are targeting to complete
it
>> and is it fair understanding
>> thank you sir if you can request you to
come in back
>> I just want to understand the case flow
part of it I mean funding part
yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> Please go ahead ma'am. Yes.
>> So from a financial strength
perspective, yes, we have a free cash FD
of around30 crores. We already have
spent 52 crores on the project and we
are providing as of now the internal
funding support for the planned
expansion program. So uh anything if we
are targeting for any external financing
we will update you accordingly but as of
now we have started funding our project
through internal approval.
>> Thank you great
for equity.
>> Okay thank you. Thank you very much for
and
>> thank you sir.
The next question is from Kushal Sha
from Nexus Equity Growth Fund. Please go
ahead.
>> Hello. Yeah. Uh uh good afternoon P. So
uh I mean uh uh congratulations for the
wonderful set of numbers uh once again.
Uh so uh there are two question. The
first one is on the uh uh the growth
part. So basically ma'am you just
mentioned you know that uh we do have a
capex program which is spread across
next two three years. So of course FI27
growth will be taken care of uh with the
current deportation capacity which we
have increased. So uh what about mad
panc because as I can understand this
entire cap x will be commissioned
together. So the so the I mean the
growth of I mean the growth for the
business beyond f 27. So uh from where
we can expect the growth to come for f
28 because capex will commission f28 you
will witness in f 29 and 30 but for f28
just wanted to understand uh how they
plan to grow.
So first of all you need to understand
company from a long-term perspective not
a quartertoquarter thing it's not a
thing that there will be there of course
the company is very poised and fuel for
the growth given the capacity uh we have
existing capacity are on a utilization
level of 85% of 40,000 tons we have said
that we are deep water making capacity
on 40,000 tons which will take our
capacity to 52,000 tons uh peranom this
is the input capacity we are upgrading
getting our value added productive mix
also. So currently uh we see uh the
current fiscal year and the coming
fiscal year are very good for the growth
given our utilization is still uh yet to
be uh there on an optimized level and we
expect a price realization growth also
of 5 10%. So if you calculate all the
metrics so there is a clear output which
is visible of a 30% uh volume accative
growth and 5 10% could be our uh price
realization benefit also and on top of
that we are yet to utilize our 15%
capacity of existing plant as well. So
the math is clearly visible for you to
calculate how the turnover will be
looking in the next two years as well
along with our further capex plans.
>> Okay. And uh ma'am you know I think you
know I mean uh we do I mean we do have
significant portion in export. So on the
recent West Asia war I mean do we I mean
do we face any impact you know because
uh on the side of shipments logistics
etc. So uh what is the situation over
there?
>> So this is you are talking uh from the
war standpoint of view.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes ma'am. From the west end of
>> Okay. So the ongoing ongoing
geopolitical tension including Iran, US,
Russia, Ukraine or some you know the
tariff uh see are expected to have a
near-term indirect impact not only on
our industry but a broader industry
environment as a whole. It will be
primarily through higher energy prices
or maybe elevated freight cost and
currency volatility. But however from a
business fundamental perspective on
Manurma industries, the company remains
largely insulated from any direct
substantial impact its key raw materials
which we are importing or having
indigenous like s mango or shia are now
sourced from the affected regions. The
company also has a very minimal revenue
exposure to this geographies. Therefore,
like for example, uh there may be some
short-term macro pressure uh such as
some input cost, impression on freight
cost or uh anything but that does not
materially impact the company's core
business model or a long-term growth
trajectory. So there could be some minor
impact maybe uh here and there but we
are despite all the headwinds which is
there on a geopolitical tension of
Russia Ukraine war or US Iran conflict
the company has reported a sustainable
margin uh despite all the headwinds and
we are going to uh be an EPN to maintain
and sustain this level also. Yeah ma'am
I mean wonderful to hear that and ma'am
on the uh uh I mean on the capex side I
mean uh just refer to your previous
participants uh conversation. So as you
just mentioned that you know the capex
uh plan and the funding mix. So you have
I mean you have entered across roughly
around 120 crores every year along with
that you have debt uh debt available
also. So what about the QIP which you
have taken the approval of up to 500
crores. So I mean how exactly do you
plan to fund the entire capex?
>> So basically the funding of the capex is
one thing. The QIP resolution is another
thing. It's not it will be a not very it
will give you a very true thing to you
know combine both these things. So capex
is one thing uh which we already have
started doing it through our internal
approvals. We have good internal cash
flows as well. And in terms of QIP, so
this is an approved enabling resolution
in relation it could be a potential fund
raise uh maybe through a permit and
instrument and we are currently
evaluating various options and we can
you know make appropriate disclosure in
accordance with the applicable law as
and when any specific transaction
related parameters which including
structure size or timings or other terms
are finalized. So we will keep updating
you on QIP as well.
Okay, perfect. And just last question.
>> Thank you. Sir, please back into the
queue. Ladies and gentlemen, in order to
ensure that the management is able to
address questions from all participants,
please limit your questions to two per
participant. Should you have a follow-up
question, we would request you to rejoin
the queue.
We have the next question from Mr.
Hershel Soleni from Equitric Capital.
Please go ahead.
>> Hi team. Uh, good afternoon. I had three
questions. Uh first, if you can help me
with what was the percentage of raw
material we purchased from Banorama
Africa for FI26 and FI 27 because for 27
we would have already bought our raw
materials.
So it's like uh you are asking from the
west Africa how much Shia nuts we have
sourced or how the breakup is requested
by you. If you can clear your question
please.
>> Yeah the promoter entity which is there
Manorama Africa Limited what is the
percentage of total RN we have bought
because last year it was 60%. So for 26
and 27 I want to understand.
So uh around 20 to 25% uh we bought the
raw material from Anurma Africa Limited
this financial year 25 26
and for 27 what would it be?
>> Uh it would be depends on the Mr. B will
be same uh line of uh document will be
continue.
Okay, understood. And CFS are just one
question to you as well. Uh a gross
margin they have fallen from 48 to 43%
on a console basis quarteron quarter
whereas on a standalone basis they have
remained the same on a QQ basis. So if
you can highlight why this difference is
arising there's a 5% difference on a
console basis.
So if you see the gross margin in
console basis so this all subsidiary
company just we are newly incorporated
uh this financial year and uh we are
going to uh streamline all this uh
operation. So companies expanded to
global footprint with established nine
subsidiaries across different countries
and marking important strategic step
towards building a diversified
international presence as this is the
first year of operation for most of
these entities. Initial setup related
cost including employee cost,
establishment expenses and other
operating overheads have been higher
which has temporarily impacted
considered margin. However, these cost
are largely one-time or transitional in
nature and are expected to normalize as
operation is scale up. This investment
was necessary to support long-term
business expansion.
>> So, I get your point on the operating
cost. But why are the gross gross
margins impacted because the employee
cost and operating costs would come
below gross margins? This is the primary
influenced by the freight cost and the
other detect production cost uh which we
are uh making the product and this is
just started the operation to subsidiary
companies. So going forward we see uh
good uh number in also subsidiaries. So
the chemical input cost and uh other
product are increase the cost of
production. So we are be confident to uh
maintain going forward all subsidiary
companies also healthy uh financials as
well
>> and and just to add to the point sir has
made anything between the 45 to 50%
level of gross margin is normal in the
parlance of the business model. This we
have repeated uh and emphasized on the
past as well. So anything between this
range is considered to be a normal gross
profit margin from a company's point of
view.
>> Got it ma'am. I'll take it offline. Uh I
have one more question. We uh had posted
a revised results. So what was the error
and why did we have to revise our
results if you can highlight?
Yeah, this see sir this revised
financial statement file has been
uploaded inadvertently and has been
submitted to ensure accuracy and
completeness of the reported
information. So the revision is purely
corrective in nature. So the
inetrumentally because of the technical
issue the wrong file was uploaded
earlier but since company remains
committed to maintaining high standards
of transparency and primary disclosure
that is why we have submitted the
revised file as soon as once we have
uploaded the uh the uh technically wrong
file uh in the stock exchange. But for
any uh financial correctness of the
matter, you can please consider the
revised file financials and those
numbers uh for your uh further questions
please.
>> Uh understood. Yeah, those were my
questions. Thank you for answering.
>> Thank you. The next question is from the
line of ma from my thought. Please go
ahead.
Uh my first question is uh regarding the
total fractionation output for FI26
and in that if you could share the
steering and oline split up that would
also help.
So for the vaccination output around 85%
uh stands the utilization on portfolio
basis uh out of which we can just share
you the volume for our products main
value added product of steering and CBE
uh steering volume was around 8,000
reported on a full year metric t around
and CBE volume has been reported around
7,500 metric t for full year
>> and ma'am this 85% % utilization
includes the debottleneck capacity,
right?
>> No, this doesn't include our
debottlenecking facility.
>> Okay. And uh regarding the arrangement
with tech uh in Brazil, I just want to
understand what is the like commercial
agreement is it like a royalty or
revenue share model or some tolling fee?
Could you just throw some light on that?
>> No, it's a uh cost uh model thing there.
uh it's a processing cost to which the
company needs to pay them pro processing
of the person of our goods. So there is
no agreement in terms of profit sharing
which is there with the title agreement
just the processing facility which is
there.
>> Okay. So just the processing cost.
>> Yes. Just the processing cost.
>> Okay. And in Q3 the contribution was
minimal is what uh you had said. So it
may be for FYI 26 what will the actual
volume in deced
the decal operation it has been the
first quarter we can say or the first
year of operation in uh the Brazil uh
through our own processing facility. So
we are still scaling up but a better
number guidance maybe we can give you
going forward of this but this is just
it's just we have just started with our
operations currently. Okay. Okay. Ma'am,
I'll follow this next question or
something. Thank you.
>> Thank you.
A reminder to all participants, please
limit your question to two per
participant. Should you have a follow-up
question, we will request you to rejoin
the queue. The next question is from
Kumar Somia from Ambit Capital. Please
go ahead.
Kumar S. The line is open.
>> Yes. Am I audible? Hello.
>> Yes, you are.
>> Yes. Hi. Good. Good afternoon, sir. So,
my question is on the decel. Uh, do we
pay the entire year's processing cost up
front at the start of the year or we pay
it as we process it?
>> We pay as we process as per metric t.
So, just for give you example, if we are
processing 100 ton per month or per day.
So we are going to pay them accordingly
post the processing. So there is no cost
which is uh uh uploaded up front on
those detail uh arrangement.
>> Okay. Okay. Because subsidiary if you
see this quarter we had 9 crores of
revenue against which we had 5 crores of
loss. So I was assuming that 14 crores
data is coming from decel.
>> So we have just started the minimum
volume in Latin America for our own
facility. So largely those things are
there. Uh we are stabilizing in terms of
operational cost as well. So maybe the
correct way will be to look uh on the uh
console level in terms of LATAM and
other subsidiaries in the coming year.
>> Okay. In the subsequent quarter things
will start to cover up as we ramp up.
Yeah. Is that right?
>> That is Yeah, that is right.
>> Thank you. Thank you. And secondly uh on
our long-term goals uh the plans that we
have say more than 3500 crores of
revenue by FI30 uh with the upcoming
capacity. So are those plans on track
and are we confident in achieving those
revenue numbers whatever we are guiding
for the long-term basis?
Yes, definitely we are very confident on
whatever plans we have going forward in
terms of our keex outline because if you
see we are adding another 75,000 of
sovereign vaccination capacity uh and
along with that we are also putting a
passport integration process. So we are
uh visionary doing this because we want
a very integrated value chain where we
just just does not scale up our revenue
terms but we have a very healthy
operational efficiency as well which
should result in both top line and
bottom line as well. Uh the internal our
target is very strong on these numbers
but as a guidance whatever we have given
in these past we are still very
confident uh on achieving that and the
past records with the past records we
are very uh like confident
to uh maintain and do that. And just to
add uh on one more thing uh that u uh
the company has done this year like we
are targeting a capex of 460 crores uh
to be spent on two to three years but if
you see today the reported financials
FI26
we have achieved a significant financial
milestone underscoring the strength and
scalability of his business model
because the annual cash pro profit
uh which include our patent
depreciations to that 258.77
crores which has already exceeded our
gross block of 250 crores. So this
indicates us you know capital efficiency
what the company can do going forward
with the planned section.
>> So working capital improvement was
really.
>> Thank you so much. That has been the
stretch uh on working uh cash flow as
well and the company has done uh uh
meaningful improvement in that parlance
as well.
Just one last question from my side. Uh
with the backward integration as in the
processing facility in Africa, does that
improve the process yield of those seeds
because you'll be immediately processing
it rather than bringing it to India? Is
that understanding right?
>> Yeah, it should uh improve uh there when
we are crushing and processing these
seeds immediately. It will definitely
have a better uh uh yield compared to
what we need what we currently process
after 60 days.
>> Yeah. So the fat output would be better
than what we have today.
>> Yes. Along with that we are also going
to save on the logistic cost as well. So
that is a very uh uh good scenario to
set to having a processing facility in
Burkina Fo for this age.
>> Yeah. But then while we'll have to bring
it to India, right? Of
course the butter we will be bringing to
India for further value addition
purchase here like vaccination and
everything. So the first part of the
seeds will be done there only and our
current facility here India can also
optimize our plant on the other Indian
exotic seeds which are thal and mango.
So it is it is a dual benefit if we are
putting a bkina plasu plant there while
first it will be a very helpfully nature
for sheut once we do there and other the
existing processing facility which we
have of 90,000 tons of solvent
extraction facility here in India will
be used and will be a better optimized
for Indian exotic seeds like sland mango
kernels and others. Yeah. From what I
understand, you mean the freight cost as
a percentage of raw material when it was
sealed. Now it will be oil. So that will
be better now.
>> Yes.
>> Thank you.
>> Along with the quality.
>> Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you sir.
Participants we request you to please
limit your questions two per
participant. We have the next question
from Mr. Janam Dshi from Chris PMS.
Please go ahead.
Uh yeah good afternoon so uh just two
things uh one is by the end of FY26 we
have added 7,500 tons capacity to the
solvent fractionation plant so by when
are we expecting the balance 4,500 tons
to be added and what is the utilization
we are expecting for this incremental
12,000 both for this year as well as the
next year uh just to understand
on that yeah
>> uh yes we are expecting I think that
also to be streamlined in this financial
year only. We will update you once that
also has been done. And utilization we
are expecting of 52,000 tons of around
85 90% uh for this fiscal year as well.
So we will update you what utilization
we have reached maybe end of this year
with the total uh increased capacity of
52,000 tarmac.
>> Got it. Wonderful. and uh some data
points like just wanted to understand uh
in terms of value uh what is the CB
contribution to the total revenues and
what is the total value added product
mix to our total sales so
so CB has contributed around 30% uh to
our top line along with our value added
product sharing it is around 70 75%
uh to it so if you see 30% question. Uh
today what we have done with CB it was
10% 2 years ago. So the company has also
done a very remarkable improvement uh on
improving the product mix for our
speciality fats and butters as well.
>> Great. Great. And just the last thing uh
what has been the total volume growth
for us like compared to last year?
So volume growth this financial year 25
around 80 to 90%. And uh 5 to 10% is the
price growth.
>> Price growth
>> approximately
>> sir. Thank you. Thank you so much. That
was from my
>> Thank you. The next question is from
Shika Ma from Indo Alps wealth. Please
go ahead.
>> Hi. Uh I have one comment and two
questions.
One comment about uh why we are
reporting only the standalone results
when it comes to the newspaper release
or the presentation.
Why why don't we give the consolidated
picture? Is it because the consolidated
number is looking weaker than the
standalone number?
So sir we just want to clarify that in
the newspaper we give both standalone
and console figures. It's not that
because it is a uh regulatory
requirement which you need to follow for
both standalone and consolidated
numbers. There is no standalone number
only which is reported in the uh which
is related to the newspaper publication.
And for press release there is no
regulatory requirement which is there to
put up a consolidated number because if
you see in the past the subsidiary has
been recently formed from company's
point of view. This has been in the
first year of operation. So maybe coming
forward we can you know start a practice
of giving a consolidated numbers in uh
in press release as well because this
has been our past practices of given a
standalone number on press release
because there's no regulatory
requirement which is there to give
consolidated number on press list but in
newspapers there is fourth reported
numbers.
So in the seven audited African
subsidies we posted a 13 and a half cr
losses for fi26 out of which almost 6
crore came in Q4 itself.
Is this implying a loss run rate that
has doubled in the final quarter and you
know you've just announced 350 crores in
Bkina Fo. So can you tell us for FI26
the subsidiary loss is coming because of
what? Is it the startup cost? Is it the
forex translation loss or is it the
operating losses in the trading P&L on
these entities?
Uh
>> we have already tried to answer this
question in our earlier which was raised
but we are going to repeat the answer
for you as well. The company has
expanded uh it subsidiaries in nine uh
geography. We are running a nine
subsidiaries which the current fiscal
FI26 has been the first year of our
operation and it is very diversified not
only restricted to West African
countries but we have our operation in
Latin region as well and other
geographies as well. So because this
year has been first year of our
operation uh there has been a you know
initial setup related cost operational
costs are there employee cost are there
establishment expenses are there other
operating overheads are also there. So
this when once you start the company you
have to take the uh this operational
cost which is there going forward once
you see this numbers will be stabilized
and this is kind of a nature of one time
and transitional in nature. So there is
not something that has been growing in
terms of losses. This you need to
understand sir.
>> Okay. Because in the end the
consolidated EPS has grown by only 6%.
Compared to almost more than 150% growth
that we saw in the previous three
quarters.
>> That is right. But you have a have to
see on a console level also including a
standalone. If you only talk about
consolidated balance sheet, the
consolidated VA margin level is around
26%. Compared to 27% in standalone, the
company is doing fairly well on terms of
both. But if you see, we have to bear
the expenses cost to set up our
companies there. So that is the uh
understanding we also expect our you
know shareholders to have once we are uh
doing this.
>> Yeah. As long as it is one-time expense
and you know you believe that the
margins will come back, it seems good.
Uh the other question that I had was
about the 23.3 crore cumulative
month-to-month hit on the forwards in
FI26. You have a 57% export revenue.
What is the hedge ratio policy and
has it been recalibrated after this
year's experience?
So sir because these are the scenario
which is there for a time. We cannot say
that this will be sustained for a
lifetime. But yes we follow a prudent
and structured foreign exchange risk
management policy uh which uh to you
know min minimize the impact of currency
volatility on our earnings and cash
flow. So around 60% of our company's net
foreign exchange is currently hedged
through forward contract. uh it also
provide earning visibility and
protecting against any adverse currency
movements for but for the remaining
unhitched 40% exposure the company
retains the flexibility to benefit from
any federal movement which can also be
there in the currency rates going
forward. So that is the practice which
company do but it doesn't harm uh the
company's core level of business uh in
terms of that but for anything which is
there on currency level we are having a
very prudent risk management policy
which covers both and protects us uh on
any volatility and we can also get
benefit out of our unhedged exposure
which is there because we have a natural
hedge also in terms of import and
export.
Okay. Thank you.
>> Thank you sir.
>> The next question is from Koshi Cam from
Ashika Group. Please go ahead.
>> Uh hi sir. Uh I just wanted to
understand couple of things. Uh most of
my questions got answered but uh yeah we
did uh empty box making right? So
currently our capacity should be around
almost around 52,000 megat tons. In the
presentation we mentioned it is 47,500.
Can I understand what's your reason?
>> Yes. To give you a better clarification
of this we have two solvent vaccination
plants. Solvent vaccination one plant is
of 15,000 tons. Uh solvent vaccination
two plant is of 25,000 tons. So the
deporting of 30% has been done on 25,000
solvent vaccination plant. So that is
how the resulted
total vaccination is 47500.
>> Got it. Got it. Got it. So then the new
default making of admission
will not be any cost. There is no any
cost.
>> Not much. That is a plant and it took 10
crores of cost which is there for both.
>> Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. And uh now
can I understand one more thing like in
the meanwhile of the conversation only
you mentioned that we will be doing uh a
volume growth of 20% to 30% plus and the
price also will be high by uh will be
hiked by another 5%age that means that
uh for the next year when it comes to FI
27 it's a current running year uh the
run rate should be very good uh it's
what you are clearly mentioning can I
understand on this uh what kind kind of
uh volumes will be returned or like not
volumes but at least fractionation how
much utilization that you are thinking
in this uh financial year for getting
something
>> we are targeting and aiming to utilize
around 85 90% of our 85% of plant on our
52,000 tons full capacity. So that is
the kind of utilization we are targeting
for this fiscal year should be around
>> to 80% is what we are mentioning that
means that is 41 46 talking
>> yes and then we will update you quarter
to quarter how has been the progress on
it
perfect and uh uh just for a clarity
purpose only still I understand this
closely by looking at from so long uh
koka prices is no relation with uh are
CBE prices but still in this recent
quarter we have a margin dip but I
understand that it is coming through uh
the African companies and the uh set
offs uh is it going back to
normalization situations can I
understand it will go back to 27 28 or
like 25 to 30%
>> we always have guided you on our
sustainable margins range earlier which
was around 25 to 27 the company is well
within that range even in the console
level which we have reported 26% of IITA
margin there also. So there is no
significant margin deal which we the
company has reported be it on console
level or be it on standalone number
there could be a minor range which you
have to take into consideration of
around 45 to 50% on gross margin level
and 25 to 27% on IITA level. This has
been the management stance uh in our
various past track records for our
guidance purpose. So anything well
within this range should be considered
normally from a business point of view
and of course we are there working on
many levers to improve the margins going
forward but then we will update you once
we have have the visibility of the same.
>> Okay. Last question from
>> Thank you sir. Mr. We will request we
will request you to come in the queue
sir.
>> Sure sure.
>> Thank you. The next question is from Mr.
Schuman Kumar from Modila Los. Please go
ahead.
>> Yeah. Hi. Uh so my question is uh for
FY26 uh we have seen a 230 whips uh
margin expansion. So is this all because
of uh better uh product mix value added
product mix or uh efficiency of the
manufacturing plant and mix of both?
>> Thank you for the question. uh to answer
it yes it is a mix of both uh we have if
you see our value added product mix in
terms of CBE was around 10% one two
years back it is now 30% today so that
also has
resulted in the improved uh metrics on
our financial and also the higher
utilization of our plant has resulted
into this. So there is a combination of
all practices which is been uh
attributing to this levels.
>> Okay. And one suggestion can we can we
include in our PPT OE or oil extraction
ratio. Okay. I have seen all the palm
oil company used to show that number.
>> Oh sorry oil extraction
extraction.
>> Yeah. OE OE.
>> OEER. Okay. Yes, we will see this
internally to see what is and we will
take the actions accordingly as per
company's policy.
>> Okay. Thank you. Thank you.
>> Thank you sir.
>> Thank you. The next question is from
Tvan Takur from Fentress Capital. Please
go ahead.
>> Thank you for the opportunity and
congratulations on a great set of
numbers. So most of my questions have
already been answered but I just wanted
to get clarity on the margin side. So
you mentioned that 25 to 25 7% is a
sustainable margin going ahead. So uh is
it a yearly uh guidance or is a quarter
to quarter?
So we from business point of view we
will request all our shareholders. Of
course we understand that you have a
quarterly metrics to you know compare
and uh do it but from our side we try to
focus on our yearly metrics that is
there we try to maintain on quarterto
quarter basis but whatever guidance we
try to give we will request our
shareholders to take on yearon-year
basis.
>> Okay. Thank you ma'am. and also uh the
remaining 4,500
metric and devoting is expected to be uh
happening in this quarter or the coming
quarters going ahead.
>> So
>> that is underway sir. Uh once we have
implemented that then we will you know
share the disclosure of that but that is
under way of doing it. We will uh dis
update you once it is done.
>> Okay. Just the last question ma'am. Uh
what is the Middle East uh exposure that
you had mentioned I missed that uh in
the
>> soc exposure only 2 to 3% of total uh
revenue.
>> Okay. Thank you so much and all the
best.
>> Thank you sir.
>> Thank you
>> ladies and gentlemen. Due to the due to
time constraint this will be the last
question for today. I now hand the
conference over to management for
closing comments. Over to you.
My dear uh friends and my stakeholders
on behalf of the entire management team
I would like to sincerely thank all
participants for joining Manorama
Industries Q4 and financial year 2026
earnings conference call for
as we all know business is business and
there is always a risk but our last many
years of performance is proven and is on
your record.
Manies continues to solidify its
position as a reliable supplier
committed to meeting the fast growing
global demand for sustainable cocoa
butter equivalents,
speciality fats, steering and exotic
butters. We are executing with focus and
conviction on a clear laid down
strategy.
expansion of manufacturing capacity to
address growing demand for our specialty
fat products and value added
scientifically made and jointly
collaborated with customers. Uh
speciality fats
investment in research and development
which is key to our success to expand
speciality fat formulations and
application specific products.
Rendering our sourcing capabilities in
key raw material regions with robust
supply chains.
Expanding global market presence to
international subsidiaries and strategic
partnerships. Optimization of
operational efficiency across the whole
integrated value chain.
Our target is to make every human on
this earth somewhere our customer. We
remain committed to becoming the partner
of choice for both international and
domestic customers. Delivering quality,
reliability,
sustainability
and trust at every level of our
operations. We look forward to continued
engagement with our investor analyst
community and remain available for
follow-up discussions. I thank all our
stakeholders, our suppliers, our tribal
families, our our Manorama team members
and every person associated with
Manorama. Thank you once again for your
time, for your trust and your continued
support. Thank you.
>> Thank you on behalf of that concludes
this conference. Thank you for joining
us and you may now disconnect your
lines. Thank you.